NAME
    midis2jam2

SYNOPSIS
    midis2jam2 [options] [<input-file>]

DESCRIPTION
    midis2jam2 is a 3D MIDI file visualizer. It is a re-implementation of MIDIJam. It is written in Kotlin/JVM and uses
    JMonkeyEngine3 for graphics. By default, it will open a GUI launcher that allows the user to select a MIDI file to
    play, among other settings.

    NOTE: when launching the program non-headless (i.e., with the GUI), unless an option is specified, the program will
    use whatever settings are stored in the config file. So, if you launch the program non-headless and don't include
    the -f option, but the config file has fullscreen set to true, the program will launch in fullscreen mode. The
    config file is located in the user's home directory, in a file named midis2jam2.settings. This is why I recommend
    you always run the program headless if specifying extra options.

OPTIONS
    -a, --headless
        Starts the application in headless mode (no launcher). If the application is started in headless mode, the
        default values are used for all options. If the application is started in non-headless mode, the default values
        are overwritten by the values in the launcher.

    -d, --device <device_name>
        The device to use for MIDI playback. If this value is not specified, the default device will be used. To see the
         available devices, use the --list-devices option.

    -e, --legacy-engine
        On some systems, the new display window does not work. Use this option to use the legacy window engine.

    -f, --fullscreen
        Starts the application in fullscreen mode.

    -h, --help
        Prints this help message and exits.

    -l, --list-devices
        Lists the available MIDI devices and exits.

    -s, --soundfont <soundfont_file>
        This option only has an effect if the --device option is either not specified or is the default device. It
        specifies the SoundFont to use for MIDI playback by a path to a SoundFont file. If this option is not specified,
        the default internal SoundFont will be used.

    -t, --transition-speed <speed>
        When instruments spawn, or one despawns in a stack of instruments, instruments can gradually move instead of
        snapping. The available options are: "NONE", "SLOW", "NORMAL", "FAST".

    -v, --version
        Prints the version of this program and exits.

    -y, --latency <milliseconds>
        If this option is specified, the MIDI playback will be delayed by the specified number of milliseconds. This
        option is useful to align the video with the audio.
